Functionalities
1.) Register Member:
Allows a user to register as a member by providing their name, email, and membership status.
Checks if the member is already registered and prevents duplicate registrations.

2.) Verify Eligibility:
Allows a user to verify their eligibility to vote by providing their email.
Checks if the member exists and if their membership status is "Active".

3.)Vote:
Allows a registered and eligible member to cast their vote for a specific role and candidate.
Checks if the member has already voted for the same role and prevents multiple votes for the same role.

4.) Display Poll Results:
Displays the current poll results including the count and percentage of votes for each candidate in each role.

5.) Remove Member:
Allows the user to remove a member from the system. Prompts for the member's email to be removed.
Check if the member exists and remove them from the system if found. Lastly, prints a message indicating whether the member has successfully removed or not.

6.) Exit
exits the program

Testing results
1.) Register Member:
Test Case 1 (Successful Registration):
Input: Name: "Alice", Email: "alice@example.com", Membership Status: "Active".
Expected Output: "Alice successfully registered."
Result: Pass

Test Case 2 (Duplicate Registration):
Input: Name: "Bob", Email: "bob@example.com", Membership Status: "Active" (Already registered).
Expected Output: "Member already registered."
Result: Pass

2.) Verify Eligibility:
Test Case 1 (Eligible Member):
Input: Email: "alice@example.com" (Active member).
Expected Output: "Member is eligible to vote."
Result: Pass

Test Case 2 (Inactive Member):
Input: Email: "bob@example.com" (Not Active member).
Expected Output: "Member is not eligible to vote."
Result: Pass

Test Case 3 (Non-existent Member):
Input: Email: "charlie@example.com" (Non-existent member).
Expected Output: "Member not found."
Result: Pass

3.) Vote:
Test Case 1 (Successful Vote):
Input: Email: "alice@example.com", Role: "President", Candidate: "Candidate 1".
Expected Output: "Vote recorded successfully."
Result: Pass

Test Case 2 (Multiple Votes):
Input: Email: "alice@example.com" (Already voted for President).
Expected Output: "Member has already voted for this role."
Result: Pass

4.) Display Poll Results:
Test Case 1 (Empty Poll):
Expected Output: Poll Results: (All roles with 0 votes)
Result: Pass

Test Case 2 (With Votes):
After registering multiple votes for different roles and candidates.
Expected Output: Poll Results: (With vote counts and percentages)
Result: Pass

Testing Scenario
Club Vote Registration System
1. Register Member
2. Verify Eligibility
3. Vote
4. Display Poll Results
5. Remove Member
6. Exit
Enter your choice: 1
Enter member's name: Alice
Enter member's email: alice@example.com
Enter member's membership status (Active/Not Active): Active
Alice successfully registered.

Enter your choice: 1
Enter member's name: Bob
Enter member's email: bob@example.com
Enter member's membership status (Active/Not Active): Active
Bob successfully registered.

Enter your choice: 1
Enter member's name: Carol
Enter member's email: carol@example.com
Enter member's membership status (Active/Not Active): Active
Carol successfully registered.

Enter your choice: 5
Enter member's email to remove: bob@example.com
Member with email bob@example.com has been removed.

We registred three members named Alice, Bob, and Carol. Then we removed Bob from the system, leaving only two people.

